---
title: Pt. 1 Planning Stage
date: 2022-05-28 12:00:00 -500
categories: [Dogwalking App, Ubuntu 22.04, Webserver, Python, Django]
tags: [webserver,django,python,dogwalking, petsitting]
---

# About the dogs

Information about the dogs to collect and store

* Name
* Gender
* Breed/Mix
* Age
* Weight
* Birthday

Activity stats for dogs to store and use

* Last hike date
* Total number of hikes
* Badges, Trophys, Prices to recognize a dogs achievements.

## The details

We use our own leashes and harnesses etc. so we don't need information about these items.

Should we ask about whether the dog is going to be collected from inside the house, outside yard or a crate etc.?

* Microchipped?  Yes/No
* Neutered/Spayed? Yes/No

## Behavior and Feeding/Routines etc.

Field to provide a description of your pet such as disposition, behaviors, known commands etc.

* Dog friendly? Yes/No
* Friendly with people? Yes/No
* Walks on a loose leash or pulls?
* Reacts to bikers/skateboarders etc.? Describe.
* Any other visual cues or things your dog might react to that we should be aware of?

For dogsitting and overnight services etc. Write a little bit about feeding and daily routines.


## Veterinarian and Medical information

Please provide a description regarding health and medical details that we should be aware of.

Please provide your veterinarians office name, preferred doctor, phone number and address. If you have a specialty or emergency vet, please provide their information as well.

### Vaccinations

Please provide the name and date of your pet's vaccinations (one per line).

### Medications 

If your pet requires medication(s), please list the name of each medication, where it is located, the dosage, schedule and any additional notes that will help your care provider properly administer them.